Fix AMM asset restrictions (LP tokens cannot be used as assets in another AMM) (#2245)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/tokens/automated-market-makers.md

Anyone can deposit assets to an existing AMM. When they do, they receive new LP Tokens based on how much they deposited. The amount that a liquidity provider can withdraw from an AMM is based on the proportion of the AMM's LP Tokens they hold compared to the total number of LP Tokens outstanding.

> LP Tokens are like other tokens in the XRP Ledger, so you can use them in many [types of payments](payment-types.html) or trade them in the decentralized exchange. (To receive LP Tokens as payment, you must set up a [trust line](trust-lines-and-issuing.html) with a nonzero limit with the AMM Account as the issuer.) However, you can _only_ send LP Tokens directly to the AMM (redeeming them) using the [AMMWithdraw][] transaction type, not through other types of payments. Similarly, you can only send assets to the AMM's pool through the [AMMDeposit][] transaction type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LP Tokens are like other tokens in the XRP Ledger, so you can use them in many [types of payments](payment-types.html) or trade them in the decentralized exchange. (To receive LP Tokens as payment, you must set up a [trust line](trust-lines-and-issuing.html) with a non-zero limit with the AMM Account as the issuer.) However, you can _only_ send LP Tokens directly to the AMM (redeeming them) using the [AMMWithdraw][] transaction type, not through other types of payments. Similarly, you can only send assets to the AMM's pool through the [AMMDeposit][] transaction type.
```
